---
date: 2019-04-17
title: Discord Apps Terms and Conditions
description: Please read the terms and conditions fully before using this website.
type: docs
---

# TERMINAL.INK APPLICATION STORE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Thanks for selecting Terminal as a bot list provider.
Please read this document very carefully.
<!-- pweasee read this document vewwy carefuwwy  OwO -->

## Definitions
word        | meaning
----------- | -------------
Terms       | The Terms and Conditions
Service     | The Terminal.ink Application Store, https://ls.terminal.ink/, https://discordapps.dev/ or any other product or service under the Terminal.ink Bot List
Terminal    | 7coil

## TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please read these Terms carefully before using the Terminal.ink Application Store ("Service").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with
these Terms.
These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms.
If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.

```
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SERVICE.
```

### User Conduct
By way of example, and not as limitation, you agree to not use the Service:

- To abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate users
- To post or transmit pornographic material outside a NSFW marked application
  - Pornographic images must be blurred before uploading
- To artificially inflate or adjust the review ratings
- To transmit private, personal or account login information
- To post or transmit material that infringes any copyright or any other right of any person

### External Links
The Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by Terminal.

Terminal has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites or services.
You further acknowledge and agree that Terminal shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

### External Services
The Service may integrate with other services to provide this Service.
You must agree to terms from all other external services, including but not limited to:

- [Discord Terms of Service](https://discordapp.com/terms) - https://discordapp.com/terms
- [Discord Developer Terms of Service](https://discordapp.com/developers/docs/legal) - https://discordapp.com/developers/docs/legal
